He looks like a dead dog!
I didn't see anything.
I don't know. You didn't see anything
I shouldn't have saved you
It's all right now.
You've seen everything
How do you say it should be solved?
What? How?
What do you say?
I can't finish reading you
I can't be responsible to you to the end, right?
Go to hell, didn't you ask me how to solve it?
Stop talking about this mess
I'm asking you what to do about Asatsuki
What do you mean?
Did you say anything to Sister Yue?
If only I could tell him what to do
How come?
What did Zhao Yue say?
I can't get in touch with him.
How come?
If all you can do is yell
You can go now.
Sorry.
Can communicate
Okay, did you provoke someone?
Or do you have any enemies?
Yes.
That's right.
How come?